Adding products to shops
--In the MERN
Marketplace, sellers can manage products in their shops, and visitors can search for
and browse products. While we will implement the features to allow authorized
sellers to add, modify, and delete products from their shops, we will also incorporate
features to list products in ways that are meaningful to the end user

--we will retrieve and display products by a specific shop, products related
to a given product, and the latest products added to the marketplace.

--we will build out the product module incorporating these features by first
defining a product model for storing product data in the database, and
then implementing the backend APIs and frontend views for the product-related
features including adding new products to a shop, rendering different lists of
products, displaying a single product, editing products, and deleting products.

Lecture 1:
Defining a Product model
--Products will be stored in a product collection in the database. To implement this, we
will add a Mongoose model to define a Product model for storing the details of each
product.

Lecture 2:
Creating a new product:
--Sellers in MERN Marketplace will be able to add new products to the shops they own
on the platform.

The create product API::

--to make a POST request to the create
API by passing the multipart form data from the view. This fetch method can then
be utilized in the React component, which takes the product details from the user and
sends the request to create a new product.

The NewProduct component::
--An authorized seller who already has a shop created in the marketplace will see a
form view for adding new products to the shop. We will implement this form view in
a React component named NewProduct. The NewProduct component will be similar
to the NewShop component. It will contain a form that allows a seller to create a
product by entering a name, description, category, quantity, and price, and to upload
a product image file from their local filesystem,

Lecture 2:
Listing products:
--In MERN Marketplace, products will be presented to users in multiple ways. The two
main distinctions will be in the way products are listed for sellers and the way they
are listed for buyers.

Listing by shop:
--Visitors to the marketplace will browse products in each shop, and sellers will
manage a list of products in each of their shops. Both these features will share the
same backend API that will retrieve all the products for a specific shop but will be
rendered differently for the two types of users.

--we will
implement the backend API for fetching the products in a specific shop
--Then, we will
use the API in two different React components to render the list of products to the
seller of the shop in one component, and to the buyers in another component.

The products by shop API::

--Products component for buyers:;
--We will build a Products component, mainly for displaying the products to visitors
who may buy the products. We can reuse this component across the application to
render different product lists relevant to the buyer.

--It will receive the product list as
props from a parent component that displays a list of products.

--the list of products in a shop will be displayed to the
user in an individual Shop view. So this Products component is added to the Shop
component and given the list of relevant products as props,

