Searching for products with name and category
--In MERN Marketplace, visitors will be able to search for specific products by name
and also in a specific category.

Lecture 1:
The categories API
--To allow users to select a specific category to search in, we will first set up an API that
retrieves all the distinct categories present in the Products collection in the database.

The search products API:;
--The resulting products returned against the provided query parameters in the request
are populated with shop details and downsized by removing the image field value,
before being sent back in the response.

Fetch search results for the view::
--To utilize this search API in the frontend, we will set up a method that constructs the
URL with query parameters and calls a fetch to make a request to the search product
API.

--In order to construct the query parameters in the correct format, we will use the
query-string node module, which will help stringify the params object into a query
string that can be attached to the request route URL. The keys and values in this
params object will be defined by the React component where we call this list
method.

The Search component:
--This Search component provides the user with a simple form containing a search
input text field and a dropdown of the category options received from a parent
component that will retrieve the list using the distinct categories API

--This search view gives visitors a useful tool to look for the specific product they want
among many that may be stored in the database for the complete marketplace.

Lecture 2:
The Categories component::
--The Categories component is the second use case for the distinct categories and
search APIs. For this component, we first fetch the list of categories in a parent
component and send it as props to display the categories to the user,

--When the user selects a category in the displayed list, a call is made to the Search API
with just a category value, and the backend returns all the products in the selected
category. The returned products are then rendered in a Products component. This
can be a simple way to combine these APIs and display meaningful products to
buyers browsing through the marketplace.

