Lecture 1:
Displaying a shop::
--Any users visiting MERN Marketplace will be able to browse through each individual
shop. In the following sections, we will implement the individual shop view by
adding a read shop API to the backend, a way to call this API from the frontend, and
the React component that will display the shop details in the view.

The read a shop API::
--read shop API GET route that queries the Shop collection with an ID and returns the shop in the
response.

Lecture 2:
The Shop component::
--The Shop component will render the shop details and also a list of products in the
specified shop using a product list component, which will be discussed in
the Products section.

--To implement this Shop component, we will first retrieve the shop details with a fetch
call to the read API in a useEffect hook, and set the received values to state

This useEffect hook will only run when the shopId changes in the route params.

Lecture 3:
Editing a shop
--Authorized sellers in the application will be able to update the shops they have
already added to the marketplace.

The edit shop API::
--In the backend, we will need an API that allows updating an existing shop in the
database if the user making the request is the authorized seller of the given shop.
--To use this update API in the frontend, you will need to define a fetch method that
takes the shop ID, user auth credentials, and the updated shop details to make the
fetch call to this update shop API,

The EditShop component::
--The EditShop component will show a form similar to the create new shop form, prepopulated
with the existing shop details. This component will also show a list of the
products in this shop,

Lecture 4:
Deleting a shop::
--As a part of managing the shops they own, authorized sellers will have the option to
delete any of their own shops

The delete shop API::
--This remove method simply deletes the shop document that corresponds to the
provided ID from the Shops collection in the database.

--The fetch method will be used when the user performs the delete operation by
clicking a button in the frontend interface

The DeleteShop component::
--The DeleteShop component is added to the MyShops component for each shop in
the list. It takes the shop object and a onRemove method as props from MyShops.

With this implementation, authorized sellers will be able to remove a shop that they
own from the marketplace.
