Introducing the MERN Marketplace app
--The MERN Marketplace application will allow users to become sellers, who can
manage multiple shops and add the products they want to sell in each shop. Users
who visit MERN Marketplace will be able to search for and browse products they
want to buy and add products to their shopping cart to place an order.

In this chapter, we will extend the MERN skeleton to build a simple version of the
online marketplace, starting with the following features:
Users with seller accounts
Shop management
Product management
Product search by name and category

--checkout the component tree for this app on pg 286

---We will add new React components to implement views for managing shops and
products as well as browsing and searching for products. We will also modify
existing components such as the EditProfile, Menu, and Home components to
develop the skeleton code into a marketplace application as we build out the different
features in the rest of the chapter. These marketplace features will depend on the
user's ability to update their accounts into seller accounts.

Lecture 1;
Allowing users to be sellers
--Any user with an account on the MERN Marketplace application will have the option
to update their accounts to seller accounts by making changes to their profiles.
--We will add this option to convert to a seller account in the Edit Profile page,

--A user with an active seller account will be allowed to create and manage their own
shops, where they can manage products. Regular users will not have access to a seller
dashboard, whereas users with active seller accounts will see a link to their
dashboard on the menu as MY SHOPS.

--To add this seller account feature, we need to update the user model, the Edit Profile
view and add a MY SHOPS link to the menu that will only be visible to sellers

Updating the user model::
--We need to store additional detail about each user to determine whether a user is an
active seller or not.
--to add a seller value that will
be set to false by default to represent regular users and can additionally be set to
true to represent users who are also sellers.

--This seller value for each user must be sent to the client with the user details
received on successful sign-in, so the view can be rendered accordingly to show
information relevant to the seller

--update the response sent back in the signin controller method to add this detail,

--Before rendering views based on seller
authorizations, we first need to implement the option to activate seller account
features in the EditProfile

Updating the Edit Profile view::
--A signed-in user will see a toggle in the Edit Profile view, allowing them to either
activate or deactivate the seller feature.

--When the form to edit profile details is submitted, the seller value is also added to
details sent in the update to the server

Updating the menu::
--In the frontend of the marketplace application, we can render different options based
on whether the user currently browsing the application has an active seller account.

--we will add the code to conditionally display a link to MY SHOPS on
the navigation bar, which will only be visible to the signed-in users who have active
seller accounts.

--This MY SHOPS link on the navigation bar will take users with active seller accounts
to the seller dashboard view where they can manage the shops they own on the
marketplace

Lecture 2:
Adding shops to the marketplace::
--Sellers on MERN Marketplace can create shops and add products to each shop. To
store the shop data and enable shop management, we will implement a Mongoose
Schema for shops, backend APIs to access and modify the shop data, and frontend
views for both the shop owner and buyers browsing through the marketplace.
--we will also be creating new shops, listing all shops, listing shops by owner, displaying a single shop, editing
shops, and deleting shops from the application.

Defining a Shop model::
--The Shop schema in this model will have simple
fields to store shop details, along with a logo image, and a reference to the user who
owns the shop.

Creating a new shop::
--In MERN Marketplace, a user who is signed in and has an active seller account will be
able to create new shops
--In the frontend, we will create new shop form view that takes user input for shop fields.

The create shop API::

Lecture 3:
Fetching the create API in the view::
---In the frontend, to make a request to this create API, we will set up a fetch method
on the client side to make a POST request to the API route and pass it the multipart
form data containing details of the new shop.

The NewShop component::
--Sellers in the marketplace application will interact with a form view to enter details of
a new shop and create the new shop. We will render this form in the NewShop
component, which will allow a seller to create a shop by entering a name and
description, and uploading a logo image file from their local filesystem,

--The NewShop component can only be viewed by a signed-in user who is also a seller.
So we will add a PrivateRoute in the MainRouter component,

Lecture 4:
Listing shops
--In MERN Marketplace, regular users will be able to browse through a list of all the
shops on the platform, and each shop owner will manage a list of their own shops.

--we will implement the full-stack slices for retrieving and
displaying two different lists of shops – a list of all the shops, and the list of shops
owned by a specific user.

Listing all shops::
--Any user browsing through the marketplace will be able to see a list of all the shops
on the marketplace. In order to implement this feature, we will have to query the
shops collection to retrieve all the shops in the database and display it in a view to
the end user

we achieve this by
A backend API to retrieve the list of shops
A fetch method in the frontend to make a request to the API
A React component to display the list of shops

The shops list API::
--In the backend, we will define an API to retrieve all the shops from the database, so
the shops in the marketplace can be listed in the frontend. This API will accept a
request from the client to query the shops collection and return the resulting shop
documents in the response.

Fetch all shops for the view::

Lecture 5:
The Shops component frontend
--In the Shops component, we will render the list of shops in a Material-UI List, after
fetching the data from the server and setting the data in a state to be displayed

--To implement this component, we first need to fetch and render the list of shops. We
will make the fetch API call in the useEffect hook, and set the received shops array
in the state

--In the Shops component view, this retrieved shops array is iterated over using map,
with each shop's data rendered in the view in a Material-UI ListItem, and each
ListItem is also linked to the individual shop's view,

--The Shops component will be accessed by the end user at /shops/all, which is set
up with React Router and declared in MainRouter.js

Lecture 6:
Listing shops by owner:
--Authorized sellers on the marketplace will see a list of the shops they created, which
they can manage by editing or deleting any shop on the list.

we will have to query the shops' collection to retrieve all the shops with
the same owner and display it only to the authorized owner of the shops.

A backend API that ensures the requesting user is authorized and retrieves
the relevant list of shops
A fetch method in the frontend to make a request to this API
A React component to display the list of shops to the authorized user

The shops by owner API::
--We will implement an API in the backend to return the list of shops of a specific
owner, so it can be rendered in the frontend for the end user.

--In the query to the Shop collection, we find all the shops where the owner field
matches the user-specified with the userId param, then populate the referenced
user's ID and name in the owner field, and return the resulting shops in an array in
the response to the client.

Fetch all shops owned by a user for the view::
--to fetch the shops for a specific user using this list by owner API, we
will add a fetch method that takes the signed-in user's credentials to make a GET
request to the API route with the specific user ID passed in the URL.
--The shops returned in the response from the server using this method can be
rendered in a React component to display the shops to the authorized user

The MyShops component::
--The MyShops component is similar to the Shops component. It fetches the list of
shops owned by the current user, and renders each shop in a ListItem

-Additionally, each shop has an edit and a delete option, unlike the list of items in
Shops

--The Edit button links to an Edit Shop view
--we add this link to the navigation menu to redirect a
signed-in seller to the view where they can manage the shops they own by editing or
deleting a shop.